Added the naive move transpilation method for unified transpilation behavior for different external APIs (#124)
iqm-finland/iqm-client: INTEGRATION_GUIDE.rst

To obtain the necessary information for circuit transpilation, :meth:`IQMClient.get_quantum_architecture` returns the names of the qubits, qubit connectivity,
and native operations. This information should enable circuit transpilation for IQM quantum architectures.

> With the notable exception of transpiling the MOVE gate for the IQM quantum computers with a computational resonator.

Reviewer: this sentence no verb.

> With the notable exception of transpiling the MOVE gate for the IQM quantum computers with a computational resonator for which some specialized transpilation logic function are provided.
> The MOVE gate is a special gate that moves the state of a qubit to and from the computational resonator such that the qubit can interact with other qubits connected to the resonator.
> For this, we provide users with two transpile functions: :meth:`transpile_insert_moves` and :meth:`transpile_remove_moves`.
> These functions can be used to insert or remove MOVE gates from the circuit, respectively. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The notable exception is the transpilation of MOVE gates for IQM quantum computers with computational resonators, for which some specialized transpilation logic is provided.
The MOVE gate moves the state of a qubit to an empty computational resonator, and vice versa, so that the qubit can interact with other qubits connected to the resonator.
For this, we provide users with two transpilation functions: :func:`transpile_insert_moves` and :func:`transpile_remove_moves`.
These functions can be used to insert or remove MOVE gates from the circuit, respectively. 
```

> :meth:`transpile_insert_moves` assumes that the circuit is already transpiled by third party software to an architecture where the computational resonator has been abstracted away.
> To abstract away the computational resonator, the connectivity graph is modified such that the qubits are also connected to each other as if they were connected to a shared computational resonator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:func:`transpile_insert_moves` assumes that the circuit is already transpiled by third party software to an architecture where the computational resonator has been abstracted away.
To abstract away the computational resonator, the connectivity graph is modified such that all the qubits connected to a common resonator are instead connected directly to each other.
```

The function can take a ``qubit_mapping`` to rename the qubits in the circuit to match the physical qubit names.
Additionally, the function can take the optional argument ``existing_moves`` to specify how this transpiler pass should handle the case where some MOVE gates are already present in the circuit. The options are specified by the enum :class:`ExistingMoveHandlingOptions`.
By default the function warns the user if MOVE gates are already present in the circuit but the ``existing_moves`` argument is not given, before proceeding to remove the existing MOVE gates and inserting new ones. 

> :meth:`transpile_remove_moves` can be used to remove the MOVE gates from an existing circuit such that it can be used on a device without a computational resonator or optimized by third party software that does not support the MOVE gate.

Reviewer 2: What's the purpose of this function, exactly?
